# Epicure
Have you ever struggled to think of where to eat, who to eat with, or which dishes in the restaurant are most delicious? We designed a restaurant recommendation platform. We not only recommend the restaurant but also friends and dishes. The website will allow the user to find restaurants based on their preferences about price, number of visits, the score of other user dish reviews, and the length of open time. If the user does not have a specific preference, they can also use the parameters provided by the system which is the basic score that will be displayed on the interface. This means that we provide two kinds of rankings, one is automatically generated by the system, and the other is calculated based on the weight of the user's preference.

The other unique part of our website is that the user can make the ranking score and comments about not only the restaurant they visited but each dish they tried in that restaurant. Since the recommendation is based on these dish by dish comments, this will help other users to find a restaurant that offers the best food when searching for specific dishes (chicken, fish, rice, etc.) they want. 

Besides, our website focuses on users’ social needs. For example, users can find others who like the same restaurants and invite these people to be your friends, then go to this restaurant together next time. Moreover, users can find out which restaurants your classmates like to eat and then go to this restaurant to meet them coincidentally!
